Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now you can see the password reset link as the sense because they follow this link to reset your credit.
This is the password for your my colleague famous email that's called accounts.
Now when you click on this link, it's going to take you to where you're going to reset your password.
Okay.
Great.
You can see to where we set a password for Macaulay.
Film us.
Okay, great.
Because is it?
Okay.
Now, what you're going to do now is.
We are going to make this.
Once we click on this, it's going to start loaded.
You can see plus a link has been sent to the address.
Okay.
I'm just going to check.
Let's look for this in this.
Right.
You can see the way.
Okay.
So now what you're going to do now is when we click on this once I have a loading screen.
Right.
So let's go back to our code.
Okay.
Just to remove this.
Now, what they're going to do is.
Okay.
You said it before.
So you can just try to pose this video and see if you can implement it by ourselves.
So you must start the process, right?
Okay.
So now we're going to create a variable.
They're going to create a variable called underscore is loaded is going to be required to force.
Right.
You can see it wants us to pass the time.
So this is the true or false value.
So it is going to be a type of.
Oh.
Okay.
Now what you can do is.
Well, that is function.
The other necessitates.
Then I'm going to say underscore it's loaded is equal to true enough to get the loaded spinner.
So all of this function is triggered is going to start immediately to load that I to send the password.
It's that link to the user then.
I'm going to say it again.
Then they're going to say the school is loading is required to pass.
Okay.
Right.
Semicolon.
Okay.
They're going to hide it away.
So this is all right.
Okay.
So you're going to see.
On this call, a slowdown.
That is if on the scoreboard it is equal to true.
Then once this is set to which it is going to Saint-Denis, we get what we want to add.
So for the charge is going to be circular.
Progress indicator.
You can give it color.
Since the background is black, we can give you a color of colors.
That's why it's okay.
Then else.
We just had the initial showing that.
Okay.
I think we are missing.
One parenthesis.
Okay.
Yes.
Control this not to save.
Okay.
Ack ack ack ack ack.
Great.
Now.
Let's click on this.
Okay.
Great says what can look like as we said.
So your sense of the email address right.
You're going see it here.
I think it does not come because of a network issue.
So that's just basically it's right.